Expose more CSF types in all renderers (#19833)
storybookjs/storybook: MIGRATION.md

// etc.
```

> #### Renamed `DecoratorFn` to `Decorator`

Reviewer: I also feel that we should mention that this change impacts all frameworks. All examples are react, maybe people will get confused?

Author: We didn’t export `DecoratorFn` in other frameworks in 6.x I believe.

In 6.x you could import the type `DecoratorFn`:

```ts
import type { DecoratorFn } from '@storybook/react';
// etc.
```

This type is deprecated in 7.0, instead you can use the type `Decorator`:

```ts
import type { Decorator } from '@storybook/react';
// etc.
```

The type `Decorator` accepts a generic parameter `TArgs`. This can be used like this:

```tsx
import type { Decorator } from '@storybook/react';

> const withTheme: Decorator<{ theme: 'light' | 'dark' }> = (Story, { args }) => (

Reviewer: I wonder if this example makes sense. We normally provide recipes using `parameters` for themes, given that in order for a story to have args for theming, you'd need to add global argTypes or something like that

Author: I see, what would be a better example? I personally used it, for providing mock services, or setting redux state.

Reviewer: ```tsx
import type { Decorator } from '@storybook/react';

const withLocale: Decorator<{ locale: 'en' | 'es' }> = (Story, { args }) => (
 <LocaleProvider lang={args.locale}>
    <Story />
  </LocaleProvider>
);
```

  <ThemeProvider theme={args.theme}>
    <Story />
  </ThemeProvider>
);
```

If you want to use `Decorator` in a backwards compatible way to `DecoratorFn`, you can use:

```tsx
import type { Args, Decorator } from '@storybook/react';

> // same Decorator<Args> is the same as the old DecartorFn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Decorator<Args> behaves the same as the DecoratorFn<Args>
```

Author: Sounds good, it would then become:

```ts
// Decorator<Args> behaves the same as the DecoratorFn
```

As the old DecoratorFn had no generics.

> const withTheme: Decorator<Args> = (Story, {args}) => // args has type { [name: string]: any }

Reviewer: What happens if the user just defines it as `Decorator`, without a generic? Doesn't Decorator contain a default for Args? Would the user really need to import Args and pass it as a generic?

Author: The default value of Decorator is now `StrictArgs`, while DecoratorFn has an hardcoded reference to `Args`.

```ts
export type DecoratorFn = DecoratorFunction<ReactRenderer, Args>;
export type Decorator<TArgs = StrictArgs> = DecoratorFunction<ReactRenderer, TArgs>;
```
